Add extra needed step for the kubernetes auth method (#44)
ricoberger/vault-secrets-operator: README.md

  ttl=24h
```

> In the `values.yaml` add vault.authMethod=kubernetes. To configur the vault-secrets-operator to use the service account to authenticate instead of the default token method.

Reviewer: Thanks for your contribution to the Vault Secrets Operator. Can you change the wording a little bit please:

```suggestion
When you deploy the Vault Secrets Operator via Helm chart you have to set the `vault.authMethod` property to `kubernetes` in the `values.yaml` file, to use the Kubernetes auth method instead of the default Token auth methods.
```

Author: Yes done!

Reviewer: Thank you 🙂
